Ladies and gentlemen, Harmontown is now in session.
How do you feel?
If you're at home right now, pull your pants down.
Please welcome to the stage, Dungeon Master, Game Master extraordinaire, Spencer Crittenden.
Here we are together, just us.
And it wouldn't be just us unless we welcomed out the mayor of Harmontown, Dan Harmon.
Yes!
I am Brandon Johnson. I'll be sitting in for Jeff Davis. We love you, Jeff Davis.
Thank you. Thank you, Guest Comptroller, Brandon Johnson. Thank you.
He just said it. He said it.
I think I'm just going to get right into it. I don't really have a...
I don't think I have... I've been purposely avoiding current events.
I don't think that's why anyone listens to this show.
You tune in to hear about me.
I forget about this Russia investigation. How is Dan taking it?
Right.
And so the only news on that front is that Dan is trying to...
Dan is experimenting with ignoring it.
And Dan understands that that is a full-on coward move.
There's nothing that you can say to me.
I don't think that would make me go,
Now wait a minute about what I am right now.
I am a fragile white closet libertarian.
I don't know whatever I was.
I'm a coastal elite that just wants his Obama back.
Or any mannequin dressed like Obama that wants to just carry on the fucking status quo.
Drone strikes on Benghazi, whatever the fuck was the problem before.
I don't care. Just get it back up and running.
I do not want Nazis in Atwater.
I don't want one of the five places that I used to go drink
when the other four places were shitty.
I always had a weird vibe about that place.
I always thought I could smell a little Nazi on that place.
Did you see the... In case LA people were talking about a local bar,
did you know what I'm talking about?
Fuck you!
This is not politics. By the way, none of this is fucking politics.
It's a fascist coup of whatever, but an asteroid coming at the earth
isn't politics just because Republicans want to say it's not coming at the earth.
That doesn't make it politics.
I don't give a fuck about Republicans and Democrats.
I'm scared of asteroids.
There's an asteroid called fascism.
A lot of my friends that I talk to, they go like,
I think it'll swing and it always swings.
I know it always swings. We're always addicted to the swing.
We love the swing. We love the four years of this and the eight years of that
and the eight years and the four years and the four years.
The swing that we're on right now is a 30-year swing.
It's a big old swing and the front porch is called the end of a country.
It takes 30 years to swing back.
And it's going to swing back to some horrible form of militant socialism
when it does swing back. We're fucked no matter what.
Okay, so that's the end of my politics corner.
And what the fuck was I...
Oh, just in the culture realm,
I just found it interesting. Did you see the apology for the owner of that place?
I did.
This is not politics. This is just...
As you guys know, I teach a masterclass in apologies.
Apologies are...
I missed it.
The guy's apology was essentially,
hey, I'm Jewish. My bouncers are gay and black.
And they love these guys.
And I didn't know they were Nazis because I didn't see no uniforms.
Right.
It was just sort of a...
It was really defensive.
I would summarize his apology as this.
He was saying, look, I'm a businessman.
I don't know for sure that I can close the financial gap between
a fascist or welcome here bar and a fascist-only bar.
I'm going to need a couple more months.
So please keep having your liberal rat parties here.
Because I need to tell, like, I think 2019.
I think by then, then I can just say fascist-only and then, like, it'll be fine.
They did need a little convincing to start throwing those people out.
That is the truth.
They said that the only color we see is green.
Yeah.
Which is my favorite answer to any sort of racist question.
Like, oh, they're beating black people in the streets.
Hey, man.
Kermit the Frog. Motherfucker Kermit the Frog.
Plant life, bro. Plant life.
Green. That's all we see.
All right.
So it's crazy that it's, like, literally now right behind your house.
Right.
Well, you made fun of me.
Last time, what, two years ago, when Kumail had his story that happened in Silverlake.
And I was like, this happened in Silverlake.
And you're like, Silverlake.
Wow.
Way to rub my oppression in my face, Dan.
It may as well be happening in our basements.
I mean, I don't even, it's not even like, oh, shit, it's at-at water.
But it does, it does sort of signify a little bit of a shift that it's now in places where
you thought there were going to be hip white people sort of helping you out.
Yeah.
Or gay black bouncers, be fair.
Well, you know, the bouncer is black and the other one is gay.
He merged the two to have a super bouncer.
So yeah, it does mean a little something when you hear it like, oh, shit, it's going down
and like, well, it's fearless.
Because you getting chased out of little dorms of shit is when it's going to get, like, pretty critical.
I got to say, I do like the forced kind of survival behavior of some of these groups where
these groups are almost in a mocking or like Psyops way.
They're like, hey, look, if we were, if we were racist, we wouldn't have this guy or this guy.
Because it actually does for, I do think, I see a million flaws in the mirror when we were like, like,
hating some of these guys is making it, you know, hopefully the positive side.
It's like, oh, what, what do you hate and why?
And the answer is nationalism.
The answer is all these, you know, ideology, let's not be fooled by, like, you know,
let's not be too so fashionable that we're blinded by this shit.
That's kind of, that's what, that's what trolling helps.
It's like this bleach you scatter across things and like kind of like it's corrosive,
but it kind of like also gets some shit off the counter.
You know, it's like, let's talk about good versus bad.
Let's not talk about fucking like, yeah, like, you can tell how liberal you are
by how many black people are in your club.
But you can't edit, you can know it is a good indicator.
And I'm doing pretty good.
As long as Jeff, as long as Jeff keeps getting sick, man.
This is the most liberal podcast in town.
We want to invite you, but you ate too many lemon bars.
All right, so I have a special story.
That's enough of that.
I know 30% of my fans are Nazis and that's why there's probably, there's empty seats here now.
The show is failing.
It's 30%, 30% of the seats are empty.
I mean, not 30, right guys?
Oh, Jesus.
Well, you can't believe them.
Those are full seats. They're biased.
They're like, whoa.
Hey, empty seats.
Are you not here?
What?
Weird.
What are you doing?
So here's a, here's a, here's a story I have to sit down for.
Oh shit.
A sit down story there.
Oh shit and a heart sit down.
Okay, get your mic.
Okay.
All right.
Papa Bear is going to tell you a story.
Okay.
Here we go.
Where is this?
Okay.
So, the story starts on Thursday when I get a text message from dad on my phone.
And it's very, it's very nice.
Thursday, 12, 28 PM, as your father, I wanted to text you to tell you how proud of you I
am for your Emmy nomination for that pickle show you work so hard on.
And as a good son, six hours later, I text dad, thanks.
But here's something of even higher value.
I got a Tesla because my dad, I'm like, I want to bond with my dad.
He's a car guy.
Because stuff, you know, it's like, oh my God, I'm bonding with my dad.
I'm texting you right now while it drives itself.
It was true.
Don't judge me.
Also the last thing that we ever read.
And then so, so this is where my dad starts to really blow my mind.
I was like, that was nice.
Congratulations.
But he says, but what about the smudges on the touch screen?
Couldn't you afford the Edison?
And I went, holy shit, my dad is making references to my television show, great minds with Dan
Harmon, which is a really deep cut.
Yeah.
On top of an Edison joke, which you never hear.
And then my dad goes, nothing like self-congratulatory callbacks.
I'm like, well, my dad is like so hip.
So at this point, it's important.
The story happens in layers and it gets a little thick and there's shit to unpack.
But the first thing I need to do now is bring up the director of great minds with Dan Harmon,
Heath Cullins.
So before we start to unpack this, he's like, I guess the first question is, do you remember
when and why I put your number in my phone as dad?
He asks everybody.
I forgot.
For sure.
No, no, no.
Don't feel bad because he asks everybody this question.
How many people?
I do, in fact, remember.
I wish it were more tawdry than it actually is.
So we, as Dan mentioned, worked on great minds together and it was not the highest of budgeted
shows, so we didn't have like VFX for things necessarily other than the really awesome
stuff in the lab that I'm sure you all saw.
But we couldn't burn in the image of dad calling on his cell phone.
So we had to have, to shoot it, we had to have an actual phone, probably not this one
because you have a Tesla now, so you've got a newer phone probably as well.
The Ron Funches episode, he plays Edie Amin.
And dad had to call.
And the resolution to the conflict with Edie Amin, who like, it turns into a hostage situation,
but then like my dad calls on the phone and Edie Amin enjoys talking to him about politics
and they kind of call, I don't know, they call each other down until Edie turns into dust.
But so we had to put someone's, we put your phone number in my phone as dad so that when
you called me, it would say dad and then I forgot.
But it's notable, the important thing about the story, the absolute tragedy of this story
is that it's not just me thinking that I have a new wonderful relationship with my dad.
And Heath is not trying to deceive me.
If you scroll back through this window, there are a half a dozen times over the years where
the following conversations happen.
Like, it'll say like, let's see, let's see.
Thursday, May 10th, 1242 p.m., he texts, congrats on that ginormous renewal.
As recently as the 70 episode thing, I remembered and I say, thanks dad.
You're still in my phone as dad.
So I remember and I know.
So Heath thinks I remember and I know.
So the really sad part of this, the whole thing that happens that starts on Thursday,
is that I'm thinking I have a new late life friendship with my dad and Heath thinks that
Dan Harmon's being really nice to him.
So now knowing that it's Heath and that Heath doesn't know I don't know it's my dad and
that I don't know it's not my dad.
Let's start just over again and you can read your part and I'll read my part.
Because then it continues until last night at which point I realized when Cody, I think
Cody pointed out, no, you did.
Oh, God.
And then at a certain point I was like, you have to come on the show and we have to share
this.
This is the worst thing that's ever happened to end to two people.
Okay.
So yeah, you want to just start with As Your Father.
As Your Father?
Yeah.
Thursday, 1228 p.m.
As Your Father, I wanted to text you to tell you how proud of you I am for your Emmy,
spelled E-M-M-I-E.
Because I thought that would be more dadlike.
For your Emmy nomination, for that pickle show you worked so hard on.
And now I get it, you're acting, you're talking like a dad, but you weren't trying to fool
me.
No.
You were doing the same bit that we kept doing.
Verisimilitude.
I just forgot.
I just drank that part of the roll of decks away.
And so I go, dad, thanks, but here's something of even higher value.
I got a Tesla.
I'm texting you right now while it drives itself.
But what about the smudges on the touch screen?
Couldn't you afford the Edison?
Nothing like self-congratulatory callback.
Self-congratulatory, because he knows that it's the director of the show that he's referencing.
So he's not trying to fool me.
But I'm like, oh my God, I'm texting Cody in the meantime.
I'm like, my dad, look at those, they're sending her screen grabs.
I'm looking, he's making Greek minds references.
So this is on some Make-A-Wish shit.
So I sent a video of the inside of my Tesla.
It was a video of just going from the dashboard to the steering wheel, because I wanted to
show that it was driving itself, but it doesn't look like any.
It looks the same as a normal car, because you're just shooting from here.
You can't tell that it's driving itself.
And so I just sent an unremarkable video showing that, and I said,
I always want to show people a video of me not driving, but the LA cops are too aggressive
about pulling over for texting and driving.
They're not too aggressive.
I support the law about distracted driving.
But I just meant they're too aggressive for me to get that video in full.
I'd have to do so much that I would be distracted driving.
So then my dad says, I sent a video of me
fakingly self-driving my Hyundai Elantra on the highway, and it says NBD.
I'm like, oh my God, my dad says NBD.
My Hyundai can do that too with the video.
And then he shows a video, and it's like the Hyundai dashboard,
but then like a crazy camera shake.
And the sound of what I thought was my dad doing a crazy character going, oh, God damn it.
And he was like affecting this fun voice and doing this comedy bit.
And Heath just pointed out backstage that had I watched the entire video,
which I always stopped, even though I kept showing it to Cody and going, my dad's doing bits.
It cuts to black because the phone falls down.
After six seconds of which, Heath picks up the phone, looks into the lens,
and goes, whatever, does some self-effacing bit, which I've never seen.
And so that, if only I had watched the video all the way.
Instead, I just text absolutely sincerely, ha ha.
So then days go by.
So I walk into Little Dom's the other day.
Last night's, well, Saturday night.
No, Saturday? Yeah, it says Saturday.
Okay, yes, Saturday night. Two days later.
I walk into Little Dom's with Cody.
John Hamm is sitting there.
I'm just going to go ahead.
Oh wait, who cares?
Wait, whatever.
He's sitting there with Edgar Wright and...
Paint the picture. All of them.
I'm not going to name everybody.
But like Joaquin Phoenix and like Cicely Tyson.
It was a table of stars.
A Batman.
A table of stars.
Perched in the booth there, not the head, it was just a little booth.
And it's very clearly Warren Beatty.
And it's like, ugh.
Like that's famous even for LA.
Crazy famous.
Like legendary icon.
You don't expect to see Warren.
You expect to see Quentin Tarantino in a drive-thru
or something like the back of his head.
That's Quentin Tarantino.
Maybe even Harrison Ford.
Like, oh, look, he's jogging.
You just never expect to see Warren Beatty.
And I saw him and then...
I did what you're supposed to do.
I ignored him and pretended he was a ghost
and like talked to John Hamm about, how's business?
Where do you live now?
Oh, that's a good neighborhood.
And then we go over to the booth
and we're like Cody and I are like, wow, that's pretty neat.
That's the real deal.
That's a big deal, like seeing Warren Beatty.
He didn't really meet him as such.
I was introduced to him, but this is Warren.
So I met Warren Beatty.
Technically.
And also, what more do you need?
From that exchange, I met Warren Beatty.
That's peak Warren Beatty relationship, right?
I met him.
I'm not saying there's not more fulfilling things
in store for you if you are his neighbor.
I'm just being me.
What am I going to do with a Warren Beatty friendship?
I'm like, this is it.
I got to share it with somebody.
But who do you share it with?
I don't want to come off like a star fucker to my LA friends.
And the truth is, even Cody's a little young to understand
what a big deal it is to see Warren Beatty in person.
Do I have an older friend who's from out of town?
Nope.
Wait a minute.
I think I said it out loud and Cody was like,
well, your dad's been pretty cool lately.
So now I text my dad.
But it's not my dad.
I'm texting Heath Cullen, the director of Great Minds,
who thinks he's my friend.
He has good reason to think that I would just text him
the following.
I just met Warren Beatty at a restaurant.
Exclamation point.
What?
Who are you?
1930s Hollywood royalty?
If I wasn't playing a dad,
I promise I would have come up with something better than that.
But I was trying to stay in the voice.
Parentheses, in my mind, he's 120 years old.
Then I said, was it at Chick-fil-A?
I heard he loves waffle fries.
And then meanwhile, I'm trying to take a picture.
Like I'm trying to do a selfie thing,
because he's in a booth behind us.
I didn't want to be like, I just thought maybe,
you never know if the camera's on top.
Maybe if I do one of these,
maybe you'll see like the top of Warren Beatty's head
over me and Cody.
But it ends up just being a nice selfie of me and Cody.
And that's fine too.
And I send it to my dad and I say,
this would have been my attempt at a periscope shot, Adam,
but there's no way.
So it's just us having met Warren Beatty.
I'll tell you what, man,
he looks way older than you.
Because it's important to compliment your dad.
And this is, I feel bad,
but I'm trying to flatter my dad.
I'm like, he looks like a mummy that went to a barber
and said, make my hair look like Warren Beatty.
Maybe that's why you don't get to meet people.
I'm really excited that Dan is texting me these
on Saturday night, like, unsolicited, unannounced.
So I keep playing along.
So he looks better than I expected.
But you see, you're not playing my dad at this point, right?
You're just being Heath.
Yeah.
You think I know you're Heath.
Yes.
Yeah, okay, all right.
I don't want to fuck up the bit.
I thought you were still enjoying that.
Okay, so you...
But you knew it was me.
Okay, yeah, okay.
I'm not going to not, yes, I do.
So you think I know that it's you.
Yes.
And you think that even though I know it's you,
I'm still treating you like my dad.
I thought you...
Yeah.
Okay.
We're entertained by it.
And so you say...
And Cody being there also made me feel that way.
Right.
Please don't fight, guys.
So then you say, no, it's your...
So I say, so he looks better than I expected is what I ask.
Right.
And I say, here's the important takeaway.
You are like three times sexier than Warren Beatty.
This is how...
Don't look at me.
This is how cool a son I would be, by the way.
If you just, like, look how low my bar is for a dad.
Before I open the fucking floodgates.
And I'm like your pal.
Like I'm giving you like inside Hollywood shit.
I'm calling you sexier than Warren Beatty.
Like all you got to do is like congratulate me on an Emmy nomination.
And I will be your son every eight hours via text message.
And yeah, so I say you're three times sexier than Warren Beatty.
I say, boy, you two look like you have that post Beatty glow though.
Are you both pregnant now?
He's old but virile.
This is where it gets really sad to me.
This is real.
It takes a turn.
Because Cody and I are talking the whole time.
And the conversation isn't about Warren Beatty.
It's about my dad.
I'm like, okay.
So then I text, Cody says you and mom should come out to California
and we could go to Death Valley with Cody's dad.
You'd probably like it in the desert.
I want to let you all know that you are falling for the same shit.
What do you mean?
What are they falling for?
They're, they're going like, oh, this is.
No, there was a, there was a, oh, like, oh, he, daddy, oh.
We all got, we all got wrapped up in this shit.
It's beautiful, but it's sad.
But it is beautiful.
It's, it's sad.
And it's sad.
I mean, the beauty, the only, the beauty is only just go in.
It's a sad balloon.
Maybe it's inflated by beauty.
Like we blow it up with beauty, but it's a, it's a balloon made of sadness.
Yeah, we like to call it the old pistain clown.
All right.
So I invite you and mom out to California and you say,
I'm not sure we can handle the heat.
It is a dry heat though.
So now at this point, I'm thinking, am I correct in assuming that maybe you're
starting to go, oh shit.
Does he think I'm like, I want to put on it.
The dad foad dadness of it enough that you're like, ha, ha, fuck you, whatever.
Dry heat.
Oh, he's really going over the top with this dad character.
But also at this point, and Emma, my wife can attest to this.
I'm like, oh, he's really like playing, we're like riffing.
And I didn't want to ruin it, but I was also just like, what do I say now?
But and here's the sad part from not this is much sadder, but the sad part from my
side is like, I don't want Dan to think now I'm not funny.
Like that I can't keep it going.
Like a dad would think.
Yeah.
You'd want to be cool to your kid.
Or also like a son would think to for his, it was.
That's right.
This is the whole.
I'm telling you, it was dynamic.
It's dynamic.
What an emptiness here.
I'm just swooning.
I just, I go, it's so dry.
I'm a bigger pussy about heat than you and I was fine.
It's incredibly quiet and free and you can do whatever you want.
Just a thought.
Cody's dad loves the desert.
And so Cody kind of grew up going out there with him.
It was like her Dells.
That's a reference to the Wisconsin Dells where my family would go when I was a kid.
The next bit require a little context with the brothel thing because.
Yeah.
I mean, it does.
Because like, like Cody's dad.
So I, so I know Cody, Cody, who you all, I'm assuming know since you watch the show
and know who she is.
She's a great writer, wrote a show that I worked on as well.
That's how I met Dan through directing the show that she wrote.
One of the things she told me, her dad is very cool, artistic.
And when she was a youth, they would go to the desert.
You've learned, heard about that so far.
But there was a brothel that he went to with her and he was like friends with some of,
I don't know what happened there, but they were friends and it would seem sweet.
And I was like, that's crazy.
Cody.
And then we would always joke about it.
And then Cody and her father recently went on a trip out there and the brothel has since
closed and he like collected a sign from the exterior of it.
And it was like sweet, but funny and, and just a cool little side story.
So I text after he suggests we go out there, it's tempting.
And you know how I feel about brothels.
Does Cody's dad still know a good spot?
I know his favorite spot is closed, but maybe you, he and I could find a new one together.
So then I turned to Cody and go,
Did you tell my dad about the brothels?
And Cody goes, I don't know, I tell everybody.
So, so on we go.
And so I go, I go, we could start one.
I'm going to pitch it to Warren.
Oh, I bet he has some great thoughts on that.
He'll class up on that.
I'm going to pitch it to Warren.
Oh, I bet he has some great thoughts on that.
He'll class up the joint for sure.
And then, hey Dan, I'm really enjoying our father's son, Rep Arte.
I just want to make sure you remember this is actually he.
The time stamp on this was 1052 p.m.
On Saturday night, this started at like 830 p.m.
That night.
And so, and so in my next text, I said 1110.
So that's 18 minutes later.
And I didn't get anything else done.
Like, I just read that and took 18 minutes to respond.
Oh my God.
Somebody just got dad fished.
I wish there was a way to cheer with a rotten tomato.
You don't like my Steve Harvey line of jokes?
They come with a briefcase and a peacock.
You deserve cheer booze for that.
Anyways, oh my God.
And then, oh my God.
And then, I just finished explaining this to Cody.
So that's what the 18 minutes is.
This is, wow.
This is really so sad.
I kept showing messages to Cody and being like, this is so cool.
I don't know when my dad got so cool.
And Cody was like, I love your dad.
I told you he was cool.
And I was like, yeah, but he just seems different.
Like, he's funnier now.
Oh my God.
The darkness of this makes it worth it.
I had 12 hours of the nicest, closest, most human relationship
I've ever had with my dad.
So Cody says you have to come on Harmontowns
and we can explain this whole story and read these texts
and walk through it.
You do understand that I really thought you were my dad
the entire time from all the way back to you
congratulating me on the Emmy nom.
I thought my dad was revealing he watched great minds.
That's about it.
So many people in the back crying right now.
It's okay.
What did you learn about this moment of love?
That it was fake?
I mean, is there a takeaway from that?
There is.
Okay.
There is because it's clear.
It's like, oh my God, are we all?
Well, forget we.
I use my I statements.
I am literally one sentence texted away from like reaching out
emotionally to my loved ones.
Like lowering my guard of being, you know, like it makes you
wonder how many sentences are we away from just like the flood
gates opening with people that don't have, we don't necessarily
have a 45 year back story with, but maybe the, you know,
what if the postman said, or what if the postman said,
I'm a post lady?
What if the, what if the, what if the, what if the,
what if your male person, you know, what sentence lies between
you and a friendship with your post deliverer, your aunts,
your uncles, your neighbors, your intimate others,
like how many of us are in relationships where maybe you're
in a funk for six months and like what could one of you say
that would like break the spell?
It's like, and it's, it doesn't even have to be, it's a text.
Yeah.
What's great is there were, excuse me for this,
but you were super brave.
Once somebody leaned out to you, reached out to you,
you became a whole different motherfucker.
You got super brave.
You started sharing, you did all these things.
Brave.
Is it, is it, is it, is it brave to fawn and be like,
it's brave to reach out to somebody who might smack your
hands and remind you of why you don't.
I don't think my dad to be clear.
I don't think my dad would, in case this is.
You're going to take this bravery.
But I don't think, I mean, I think.
People just why you don't meet nobody.
With my family to be clear, and I think this is an important
point to make, like, you know, the, do you need a glad?
Can somebody get a heath a glass?
Steve will probably get a cup.
There's a coffee mug that says, world's greatest director.
You were saying to be clear with your family, there is.
It's, it's, it's, it's, it's.
Steve Levy, ladies and gentlemen.
And I think, I don't think there's a lot of, like, harm
that could come of a tentacle reaching out, you know, like,
like, it's, it's, it's not like.
There's a, there's a wall between, that exists between
that happening in real life between me and my dad that's
like, doesn't make really any sense.
That's why, as you can see, as soon as it was perforated,
I never, and in spite of all of the signs that should have,
if I, if I thought I was, like, such an expert on why I
don't, like, regularly text my dad, I love you, or something
like that, like, if, like, why don't I recognize, why can't
I tell him from a friend?
The answer is because, because I, because I like him.
Right.
Love him, whatever you call it.
But, but, but, like, my family doesn't, you know, it's,
like, there's, there's a lot of, like, it's just, it's just,
you know, like, a lot of people can relate to this is,
like, there's families that are, like, they're, like, they're
proactive about, like, you know, this is how I feel about you
and I love you and I'm proud of you or whatever.
And then there's families that are, like, you know, they throw
shoes at each other and all this stuff and, like, and then
there's, you know, there's probably a good 70% of us,
like, somewhere in the middle where we're kind of, like,
strained and, like, you don't, I don't know.
Yeah, but in this situation, when it was presented to you,
you made the choice to be fucking a bigger, better person
than you might normally walk around as.
That's the only thing that I want to, I get in this argument
with my therapist all the time, so maybe I'm doing this thing
that she yells at me about, which is, like, but I don't really
think I deserve any accolades for my behavior because I wasn't
really risking anything.
In my opinion, maybe you're seeing that differently.
That's interesting.
I didn't think about it that way.
I was just, I think of myself as being the selfish one, too.
Like, it's a two-way street.
My not, you know, I don't, like, I could text my dad anytime
I wanted to go.
I do it once a year, maybe, like, Father's Day.
So should I give you the old challenge to say that you should
text your dad about the Emmy just to see what this conversation
would really look like?
Text him, text my dad that I got.
I think he'd be more impressed with the Tesla, you know.
Okay.
Either one.
And we also witnessed somebody fucking being super generous.
Oh, you want me to do it now?
You do it right now!
Everybody, get out your phones and call someone you love right now.
I'm also going to need a dollar on each one of those phone calls.
Hi.
My neighborhood's overrun by racism.
I just, I also want to say that we got to see somebody be so generous
and just keep up a super loving act.
Which is like, I don't know why this dude asked me to rub his back,
but I'll rub his back.
It's kind of the coolest fucking thing in the world.
I was waiting for Heath to look at his phone and notice that.
Oh, Jesus.
I wanted to do the bit and he was like, no, you just did it again.
Oh, that's me.
All right, all right.
Oh, it didn't go through.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
There's no service here.
Heath, was anybody on your end watching as well?
My wife.
Okay.
Did she give you tips at all?
What was that?
Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
She's funnier than I am.
I run them by.
I run a lot of them by.
No, she was the one that finally was like,
are you sure that he doesn't think that you're his dad right now?
And I really didn't want to believe that was true.
But then, I just wanted to think that he and Cody were shooting the shit
and getting drunk and were like, we should text Heath a joke.
That'd be fun.
It's like, I'm only doing this to, yes, and the suggestion.
I think it's kind of a douchey thing to text your dad
that you got nominated for an Emmy.
I find that to be not like.
Here's the thing.
Last week you said, I'm happy.
Right.
So like there's steps to being happy.
And one of the fucking steps is to celebrate the good shit.
By bragging to your dad.
Your dad, it's not bragging when it's to your parents.
They're proud of you for fucking wiping your own ass one day.
They're like, I did that.
I won that Emmy.
I'm like, I made that.
Yeah.
I mean, I want to say that's not how my family works.
I believe it.
But then you'd say, oh, this is the problem.
Is you thinking that?
I'm not going to judge you.
You can do whatever you want to do.
I mean, don't you think it would be better to say like, how's your boat?
Go get that shit.
Like to ask him something.
Go get that thing you wanted.
I don't want nothing.
Yeah, you do.
Go get that thing you wanted.
Okay, I got busted kind of wanting something during this story, didn't I?
So that's the key.
If you're 45 years old and your weekend can be eclipsed and derailed by an accidental
radar ping that makes you think your dad loves you for a second, then you don't have a right
to be like, I don't need nothing from nobody.
You should reach out to your dad.
And since you're clearly still in childhood with that relationship, you may as well say,
I made a poopoo in the Emmy potty.
Okay.
All right.
Now I see the logic of it.
Okay.
My show got nominated for an Emmy exclamation point.
I mean, it's by the way, it's midnight in Florida, so he'll love that.
Because he's been asleep for six hours, so he's probably getting ready to get up.
Leave a voicemail.
It's also not going to, what's that?
No, come on.
Stop it.
No.
No, no, no.
That's a deal breaker.
No, I'm pretty sure, I'm pretty sure 40% of my divorce with McGathey was like my inability
to FaceTime.
Like, come on.
I'm allowed to be part of society because of the invention of text messaging.
Like, I don't do the phone.
Okay.
So, yeah, I sent it and there you go.
It went through.
Yeah.
But I'm telling you, I'm telling you, like, it's, come on.
It's, I'm already the obnoxious Hollywood son.
Like, I really don't think, I think he's going to be like, he'll make a joke.
He'll say like, ah, don't get AIDS from it or something.
I don't know.
Now I can capture his voice.
Now I'm ready.
Next round when you forget again.
I really got his voice now.
It's AIDS jokes, that's all right.
That's the rock I needed to overturn.
When you make jokes around your family, do they still laugh or do they roll their eyes
and laugh?
I don't think, I don't know if I get, my family, my family, my mom and dad, like, if they're
laughing, like, we'll laugh together at something.
Like, if, you know, something funny happens.
Like, I'm not, like, making anybody laugh.
Do you point it out, though, first or is that in the jeep?
Point out what?
Like, whatever happened.
If somebody fell in front of you guys, who's going to fire first?
It's kind of like my dad.
I think my dad's kind of in charge of when everyone starts laughing.
Because, like, he's not, you know, like, he's not on board.
Everything's going to just, like, sink anyway, you know?
Like, you could do all the jokes you wanted, but then, you know, like, it's funny.
It's more fun if my dad's, like, in the picture.
You feel like that dude sort of has to bring you on stage a little bit because it's his
house?
My dad was super funny, too.
That's why I asked.
I was like, you know, you have the first clown you see as your dad, really.
He takes these big risks in front of you and you're like, all right, let's see.
Yeah, yeah.
And there's this thing about puberty where you're like, I hope I'm as witty as that individual.
I want to smack him.
With my father, it was fake cursing from Johnny dangerously.
So I'd be at the table and I'd be like, you Fargan Eisberg?
Or I'd give him this finger and he'd be like, okay.
Okay, Brandon, very funny.
I felt like when I hit puberty, like, when you said those glands start overacting, like,
yeah, I look back with kind of shame on that.
I was like bouncing off the walls and, like, trying to be funny.
And I don't think my dad was probably very incredibly entertained by it.
I think he was sort of confused.
You know, it was like, like, bemused.
Like, he'd be like, what the f...
All right.
But then you killed him because we all know when you're a professional, there is a moment
where you've made your family laugh in a way that you didn't before.
You know what I mean?
Like, you use all the shit you've learned sort of to come home and be like, this is fucking funny.
You can't debate that.
So do you remember the moment when you said something funny to your father and you were
like, I got you, old motherfucker?
No.
I used to...
When I was a real little kid, I would do like little shows.
Right.
And I would like...
Because I just like the...
You know, like everyone...
You'd force people to gather around and you would do...
I would do like magic tricks and like Carson bits that I didn't understand.
And it was like, yeah, I wanted the attention and I wanted to be funny, but...
And yeah, I didn't understand what humor was.
You know, my dad was the funny one.
My dad was the one that made everybody laugh.
Like he would...
My dad would read towards the night before Christmas.
And then he'd do like commentary on it.
Like he'd be like...
And then I'd put his finger on his nose and it would shot up the chimney.
I don't know how he got up the goddamn chimney.
He's so fat, you know?
Suddenly he'd just make comments.
I'm making him sound a little lammer than he is.
But it would be like little comments.
And then I remember being like at a certain age, like that puberty age.
Like I remember like, now I want to do it.
I want to do it.
Like after my dad just killed and it was like we could have moved on to have hot cocoa
and fucking put in a happy family.
But I was like, now me, now me.
And like 11, you know, like a fucking adult basically.
I'm like as big as a golden retriever.
Like hard to hit with a whip, you know?
And then I'm like, everybody.
And then I kind of made everybody like, now me.
And I like went through it and made my own comments.
Like, oh boy, how do you get his fat butt up the chimney?
And I remember just thinking of my dad being like, what?
He's just my bits.
Like I remember him like, I remember him calling it out and being like,
you're just doing that.
I already did that bit.
He didn't call it a bit, but he was like, man, I just did that.
Yeah.
I was kind of associated comedy with like a thing that I wished I could do.
I never really saw myself as a...
Other people would be laughing.
Like when I went to school, like then after a certain point,
then people are like, you're so funny.
And I'd be like, oh shit, fuck.
Classroom or cafeteria?
Playground?
What was your stage?
Well, starting with just like, like two nerds in the back of the room
because I was a nerd.
So I wasn't going to make anybody laugh.
Like I was like, just right in the back corner and the English class
like mutter under my breath and be like, man, this is stupid.
And then like the kid next to me who was also a nerd and crammed back there
and be like, that was funny.
And then that kid started a comedy sports team at my high school.
And then I got into like drama and improv and forensics and all that stuff
and got a little more training in like, yeah, just honestly,
just hit the back wall with your voice and just keep talking
even if you don't have anything to say.
And just kind of exercise it.
And then we would do stuff and then the school would come
and then strangers like in the school were like, oh, you're funny.
You should be on Saturday Night Live.
And I'd be like, you didn't know what you're talking about.
You're dumb.
But this feels like power to me.
So I'll take it.
Yeah.
And yeah, that's the story of becoming funny.
But never, never, my dad never was like, this guy's hilarious.
Yeah.
And I think that might be important, right?
Like the same with your dad.
You're kind of like, he was like a heckler almost like or like an unbeatable like.
You know, it is, I think so your dad's side of the family is funny.
I take it.
Funny year than my mom's side at the risk of offending a bunch of very unfunny people.
I've talked about my great-grandma Boucher who's now who's now passed.
I mean, she was funny in the sense that she was a probably a murderer and and also like
several people attempted to murder her and she survived.
That's funny because she was really old.
Like when she got her throat slashed and she walked to the hospital with a towel wrapped
around her neck.
I mean, funny, like weird.
Yeah.
But no, not a lot of humorists on that side.
So when you met with, when you would hang out with like, do you ever hang out with your
uncles on your dad's side?
When those guys got around, there is a potential joke circle because he's got the funny gene,
right?
Am I right about that?
Were his brothers just like little, we're not funny.
He's funny.
My dad's sister, half sister, you know, she's very jocular, very funny, like, like very
outgoing.
What's your bit?
You got a bit?
What's that?
Do you know a bit?
She does?
No, I just mean, you know, gregarious, like, like just, just having fun, you know, like,
like, like at the party, like, like, like if something, if there's something fun to happen,
like, you know, yes, ending it and being fun and going with the flow about the funny stuff
and not being like a passive aggressive kind of like threshold guardian about crazy craziness
just like moving with it and being like, that's funny.
Like she's not going to turn the room down.
She's going to keep it going.
Right.
I just wonder, because when you, you know, to answer your question about your dad is
if he comes from funny people too, it's even more daunting when you're in a family situation
to chip at the throne.
So like, thanksgivings and Christmases, you're trying to get in there and sort of do your
material.
But you also have this dude who is now surrounded by his team.
Was that anything, you know, now, I think, I think, I think with my dad at the risk of
talking out of school or whatever, like, because I don't really know that much about the family
tree as it goes back beyond that.
But I get the impression that my dad and his siblings, like, they all have one thing in
common.
Like some of them are crazier than others.
Some of them are like more fun than others or whatever, but all of them are kind of like,
I think there was a lot of trauma and anxiety, and I think they all dealt with it by like
really chesting up and like being like either incredibly cynical or incredibly like gregarious
and in any case, like, not going gentle into that good night and just being like more kind
of like, like, is that all you got, God, like, fuck it, like, I think that's funny then kind
of thing.
Like, I don't think there was anybody hilarious over them.
I think quite the opposite, I get the impression that there was like bad people going up that
chain and that that's why they're like kind of like, you know, I can take a punch kind
of funny.
Yeah.
Literally.
What about you, Heath?
What about me, Dan?
Heath, who are you and your family, where do you fall in terms of funny?
When did you become filled with toffee?
Well, Dan, never, never heard that before.
Never.
You never.
Candy bar.
I don't have an answer about that.
I mean, candy bar comments.
It's the first time ever to hear that.
Are you siblings?
Uh, two older, I'm nine years older than my brother, 11 years, I mean, nine years younger
than my brother, 11 years younger than my sister.
Uh, definitely the funniest one in the family, but that was not saying much.
Can you fuck them up at will?
Yeah.
You're certainly the funniest one in my family.
I am.
Um, so my dad's funny, but it's like, nah, it's sarcasm, like mean, like, um, my brother
and sister were two years apart, so they would fight a lot, like, you know, four-year-old
and six-year-old or three-year-old and five-year-old fight, like that kind of bullshit.
And um, there was a Siberian husky dog, I was yet to be born, and my sister was calling
my brother a butthole, and my dad was like, that is not a thing.
You don't use that word.
Don't use that word.
And he finally picked up the dog ass end and like lifted its tail up and was like, that's
what you're calling your brother.
Is that a nice thing?
That's a real pretty thing, isn't it?
Um, and that, that, that put an end to all of it.
That put all into the buttholes.
All you needed to do is see a real, pretty asshole.
Yeah, uh, that's real pretty, isn't it?
That's real pretty, isn't it?
It would be like that kind of, um, I do have one, I do have a second.
What was the thing about the hose, I remember something about the hose and mud or something
like that.
No, no, no, it was dog shit and, and, and throwing it, oh, so this was the story I was
going to, yeah, so, so now we, I'm now born, seven, nine, I don't know, uh, and we have
a dog and, uh, I had to clean up his shit was the job that I had to like scoop it, put
it in a bucket and then throw it in the trash and we had a fence in the backyard and I figured
out like a lot faster to just throw it right over the fence and to just a field, it was
just a field, it wasn't someone else's yard.
So my dad's over in one part of the yard, gardening, and, uh, I'm scooping the shit
and I'm like, I'm just chucking it, chucking it, like hard white, hard, hard, like, oh,
that's white and chalky, gonna fly.
So dark, like fine, and then I get to one that's fresh and not solid and doesn't have
the density to clear the fence.
And so it just like, across the fence and I froze and my dad's like on the, on his knees
like with a trowel and I see him freeze, oh, that's great.
That's great.
That's a work of art.
I don't know why I'm so glad you didn't do it the way I told you to do it.
That is it.
That is it God, honey, honey, get a marker, we got a Picasso and just like fucking paraded
my eight year old self with this just blistering, like it would have hurt less if it were an
actual pull a switch kind of thing.
It was an emotional switch.
You guys have any real early memories of straight up eating cat shit out of a cat litter box?
I swear to God, I remember, I have this like the biggest memory of being like under the
stairs playing and what I thought was like another sandbox with like a brown car and
like and the reason I remember it was like someone, either my brother or somebody coming
up like, what the fuck are you doing and like I'm playing in the sandbar probably smoking
it like a cigar and like everyone like the family meeting, like I don't remember like
anybody grabbing me and going, come on, it was just more like everyone get over here
and watch Danny shit.
Because it was probably time to argue about whose fault it was that this happened, you
know, like who's supposed to be watching Daniel, he is in the fucking cat shit eating it.
That's not where shit eating came in, Pickle Rick, is it?
Is that like, was that like a memory that found its way?
Because isn't that what the psychiatrist, it's family therapy and shit eating?
Oh, okay, I mean, I don't know, I mean, I ate shit once when I was a kid.
Did you, did you, did you have a cat?
Three.
Spencer, did you ever eat cat turds?
I feel like, I don't know, I feel like that like someone of the kids, like my parents
told stories about that and I don't know, I remember being in a bathtub and my brother
pissing into my mouth.
Not really consensually, but, yeah.
Please join us on this very special family episode of Hotter Town Jesus, Jesus.
Was it, was it, was it like, was it, were you going, stop, don't, or was he like, were
you so young that he was like, open your mouth.
I was going, stop, don't because I was taking a bath and I did not want the bathtub to be
urinated in.
I wasn't even thinking that it might go into my mouth.
I just already saw that trouble was a Bruin, but, yeah, no, he pissed in my mouth and I
just, I remember and I can't not remember, but my parents told me because it's the funniest
thing to them and yeah, it's probably funny, but like, I was like, it's, it's warm and
it's sour and it's real bitter, just like, just live commentating the experience.
Like I stopped screaming to, to commentate.
I, I demand a boycott.
That happened.
Hashtag peeing in my mouth is over party.
Was there any sort of payback?
No, I was a good person.
I didn't pee in things that, you know, would cause problems for people.
It was great.
I cut the tail off of one of my, like a rubber whale toy that my brother turned out to have
a lot of affection for, I remember that, but I think it's because, and I think I was just
a kid, I was so young that I was just like playing with scissors and was, I didn't understand
permanence or anything.
Right.
Like this rubber thing and then my, but I remember my brother like revealing how valuable
that rubber whale was and I, and I remember thinking like, fuck you, a rubber whale.
That's like your thing.
Like this is your thing.
Spider-Man's your thing, motherfucker.
I know because I cut his head off.
But I had to, yeah, it had to be hard to have a little brother like, you know, I'm sure
it can't be.
It's not easy.
You know, like siblings don't have to fight and stuff.
Like Cody's sister, she's got two kids and like, I've been listening to these books about
optimism and happiness and how, like, because, you know, my therapist told me, okay, so you're
happy now, maybe.
So maybe are you going to drink yourself to death or are you going to be actually, you
are going to have a good life?
And part of it is like, I don't, there's a, and I think this is endemic to our society,
which is kind of a nice thing about us, but we think happiness is like, well, there's
got to be, you know, we're cynical about it, which, you know, is not to say that, oh, everyone
should be happy, but it's like we have an attitude about happiness where we're like,
if it's, if something seems happy, then you got to, it's more real to get to the unhappiness
underneath it, like the, we just sort of, it's sort of built into us to think that tragedy
is reality because, makes sense, life ends in death and then comedy is fake, happiness
is fake.
This is a popular opinion now among our little Nazi friends.
They have this virtue signaling like phrase that they use if you're trying to help somebody
out or just say a nice thing or a supportive thing or an anti-fascist thing.
It's like, oh, you're virtue signaling because the idea is if you're positive about something,
if you're hopeful or optimistic or called to action, then you're, there's a fake reason
for it.
We even like mythologize our cultures like artists and pioneers.
We say things like, oh, so and so invented this and that, and then their biography will
come out and it'll say, which means he must've really wanted his father's approval.
We love getting to the bottom of the stuff and making it more gritty and dirty and real.
Otherwise, we don't believe it's real.
And so, you sign a deal to do 70 episodes of your favorite show, if you've been waiting
for a really long time to have job security, there's like a little bit of an obstacle
you hit there where you're like, okay, so I have everything I've ever wanted, okay,
so now I'm hitting like a vapor lock here, I'm like, well, then what's wrong?
Well, Nazis are taking over America, that helps.
This is fitting, this makes sense to me, like God would do this to me, or I can always just
find a lump in my, you know, wherever, like that'll happen or, you know, we can't control
that.
You start dwelling on that stuff, you're like, I swear every time my agents or lawyers
are on the phone now, I used to get excited and now I'm like, oh God, wow.
Okay, here it is, here it is, here I'm going to find out that I hit a baby with my car
or something, like I don't know about it, they found it in the bumper.
I wish I had reps that cared that much.
Or they're just going to be like, oh, we're going over this contract that we're still
working on for Rick and Morty.
Did you know that the guy that you were talking to on the phone the whole time escaped from
an asylum?
Like, just some shoo will drop.
It was just me.
Did you have Heath in your phone as Mike Lasso, Cartoon Network?
It's going to be a sweet contract, don't worry.
But there's an, I'm reading this book, like, I'll be with this guy, I don't know if I,
you know.
It's true that if I remove the threat, not I, if you remove the threat, people will
find another threat because it's part of our wiring.
I should give some credit where it's due in case anybody wanted to, you know, it's like
a short book.
And there's this thing called Authentic Happiness, who's it by, this guy, Seligman, Martin Seligman.
He's like a guy that was like, it's like, like, like, there was a, there was a turning
point in the psychology industry where I think it was this guy, Seligman, I think, or, or
maybe there's some other guy, but who cares.
There was some guy that was like sort of like famous for standing up at a big seminar for
all the shrinks in the world.
Like they would always have their big organizations and this guy got up one year and said, look,
we've gotten really good at diagnosing mental illness.
We've gotten really good at, we're doing great business, like, the world is crazier than
ever.
Yeah.
It doesn't mean we're fucking up, like, like our, if we all bought into the myth that, that,
that happiness is impossible, like, are we also fucking miserable?
And I was like, are we not supposed to be making people happy?
We have cured nothing.
Yeah.
And we've, we're not doing anything.
Like if we were real, if we, if, if, if, if being sad was a broken arm, we would be
the worst medical industry in the history of culture.
And people are like, boo, you suck.
And he's like, see, that just missed my point.
No.
I'm kidding.
I don't think anything that interesting ever happens in a psychology seminar, but, but,
but he kind of, he made waves, you know, and I'm sure by waves, I mean, like a bunch
of people tenting their fingers and percing their lips and like writing, scribbling marks
down hoping that he'll get insecure.
But he was, he was, he was, he, he then that sparked this kind of wave of psychotherapy
that was like, what if our, what if our goal was happiness?
What if we just experimented with that?
And I think that's where cognitive behavioral therapy comes in and stuff like, is this working
for you?
If not, you know, changing all that crap.
It's interesting.
And I already like took some weight off my shoulders where they get, there's like, like,
like the idea of like, like, you know, like, like happiness is a, yeah, it's a privilege.
It's like a good thing that you have it.
But like, if you have more of it than your immediate surroundings, you, it's not necessarily
because something unfair is happening.
It's you're lucky, but you're not necessarily, it's not necessarily because you're rich,
for instance, because it's just all this science that goes into it, like, like, like, like,
oh, who's happier rich people or poor people?
It's like, yeah, they're, they, they even have who, then there's like these weird kind
of differences, like as much as I'm sure scientists didn't want this data to come in
this way.
The truth is people that have a religion, they, they're, they're a little happier.
They live a little longer, I think, and they, they're a little happier data.
You collect it.
There's not enough of a difference that we should all run out and join a cult.
There's like, there's like strange, what you'd think is almost arbitrary, like, things.
And then there's all these other factors that you would assume are like, oh, well, that
would affect your happiness.
And it's like, no, that's, that's nothing.
That's negligible.
And then there's, but I just like hearing it broken down to numbers because it demystifies
it.
Like, I have this religious fear of being happy.
I really think that if I'm over 50% happy, and I took this, I took this online thing,
I got my happiness index is 3.12.
Donald McDonald's survey.
Who was the, what was, who did this survey?
Do you know?
It's like something on the site that goes with this book.
It's like, they kind of, you can go there and you can like, you just fill in a couple
of questions in there.
They're kind of taking your data because they want like more data from, but it's like between
zero and five, I'm like 3.12.
It's like all the bar, it's like, oh, uh, how much happier are you than people that are
your age?
It's a 50% people in your income, 50% people, your gender, 50.
I'm like right in the middle.
Now, okay.
It's the three I was going to ask you is the three on the good leading side or the bad
leading side?
I assume the good.
Yeah.
Okay.
I don't think it's star meter.
I don't think it's like, it's all.
Yeah, but it's like, it is fascinating because we're trying to figure out how much of it
we should actually have in order to keep going.
So I think people study their happiness and depression because they really want to relate.
How much can I accomplish?
Oh, and here's a, here's a really interesting about happiness.
Like everybody that you ask, like, do you want to be happy?
Obviously the answer is yes.
Only one idiot would say no, but, but everybody that you ask, uh, if I were to give you a
magic wand that you could point at your head and make yourself happy, would you, everyone
starts arguing.
Like everyone's like, well, no, no, not like that.
It's really interesting.
People don't just want to be happy.
People want, people want gratification.
They want to earn their happiness.
They want to feel accomplishment, which is where the, uh, uh, it makes all these scientific
cases for like anthropologically, like why happiness, which has long since been dismissed
as like just a byproduct of emotional thinking that we need to feel anger and we need to
feel fear in order to survive.
You need to be like, oh, shit, there's a leopard of, you know, like I'm mad at you for taking
my banana.
And, and, and then happiness is just like, oh, no one's taking my banana right now and
there's no lion, but it's like, he's made, he makes the case that no, happiness is like
the thing.
It's like, because it makes you, I can't even, I wouldn't do a good job of selling it,
but it's like, you hear it and you go, shit, this could be scientific.
You could be like Asperger's about being happy, like being, being like, like, like into it.
You could, you could, you could, you could turn being happy into Minecraft.
You could like try to knock it out, you know, like organize it and like do it right.
And you wouldn't be cheating.
You wouldn't be like, you know, destined to, to have an anvil fall on your head.
And, and, and, and that, and that, like a mountain climber, like, like she talks about
the difference between pleasure and, and, and gratitude and gratification.
So we're like, like a mountain climber is like, is, is, is happy because they're like,
they're climbing a mountain, but it's fucking hard.
And then like, there's a point where they're like, going to fall off the mountain.
And they, they're, they're not dumb.
They wouldn't be like, I hope I fall off this mountain.
They're like, I hope I don't.
And I wish I, I wish I, I wish this rope was working better or whatever, you know, like
they can have regrets about their situation and wish that it would, and hope that it like
goes better.
But that's different from being like, I wish I'd never climbed this mountain.
I mean, they knew climbing a mountain is a bunch of fucking hard work.
And they chose to like, but they, they were pursuing this like happiness high that they
knew would only come if they like, if they did all this shit that was hard.
And there's a big difference between like, well, for instance, playing Minecraft, which
isn't hard.
It's like a comfort thing for me or like eating a Twinkie or, you know, like just, there's
nothing wrong with like pleasuring yourself, but you, but pleasure is just like, we feel,
we feel like it's fake.
We don't feel gratified by it.
Your mountain analogy is the same sort of money where people work really, really hard
to get a ton of money and then get a ton of things, big houses and a lot of grounds.
And they're still not happy because it's the difference right between gratification and
actually being satisfied.
Yeah.
There's all this.
It's an interesting read.
I mean, I got the book on tape and I only listened to it.
It was like a couple hours.
And at the end I was like, that's it.
Fuck this book.
But, but, but the first half I thought was really interesting and throw a lot of science
at you.
It might, if it helps demystify, I think we get, I think smart people get in a funk
about, about, about happiness and then we, we, we are suspicious of it.
There is this thing that we take it for granted the way we take for granted that rich kids
don't have a hard time growing up with money.
So we just sort of assume that if your parents had money and you have money, you know how
to keep it, you know how to make it, you know how to earn it, you know how to value
of it.
That's true.
There should be sort of a course.
And there's no question that, you know, people who, if you want to be unhappy and you want
to hit all the points that make people scientifically less happy, one of the top things is live in
an autocratic third world like country that where, where like you have no freedom and
like there's, there's less nutrition and there's less, less like wealth and there's
less like, there's more, like those people are made unhappy by that environment.
So it's not, it's like poverty does make you unhappy because you're being deprived of fucking
shit that an ape would have in the wild.
I mean, you're being deprived of like really like minimum levels of like comfort and emotional
comfort.
Like, like, do I belong in this family of apes like to like, are these people cool with me?
If you're sleeping on a sidewalk, you're like more bummed out.
So, so, you know, I thought there was that documentary is like, yeah, it tops out like
the way the guy says it is like, if you, if you could afford this book, you've, you've,
you've, you're past the threshold where money affects your happiness.
Like you're, you're, you're, you're, it's, it only works to a, to like 70 grand a year
or something.
Uh, anyways, go fuck yourself, everybody.
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
And then he talks about how to, how to be happy in relationships and have kids and stuff
or whatever.
Like, I guess your kid, I guess your kids, you're supposed to like, let them do shit
and like not yell at them and stuff like, uh, but, and, and I would normally not believe
it.
Like the way he talks about kids, but I said, like Cody's sister, like, like, I, everything
I hear the guy saying, I'm like, oh, that's how your sister, that's how she's raising
her kids.
That's why they're like, and then the sibling rivalry thing, which we take for granted,
we think that siblings are supposed to like resent each other.
And, but it's not really a, it's not a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's a, it's
a pervasive thing, but it's not, it's not a natural thing.
It's not necessary.
What?
What is it?
Oh man.
You don't have to like be mad at your brothers and sisters just because they're older or
younger than you.
Like that's, it's not, it's not, it's not a thing that just happens like because you're
babies.
What?
Why does it happen?
It happens because there's like, I hate to throw 90% of American families under the
bus, but it happens because it happens because of a trickle down of like a culture of like,
the parents expect it to happen.
Like a, like a, be nice to your sister.
Like it's just that everything is like, it's not based on, on, on.
They're setting norms that it's normal for them to fight like that.
And so they're taking it.
They create a share.
And I don't know.
It just, it just has everything to do with like the nuances of like, are you, are you
projecting onto your kids?
Like they're going to pick up from you.
Right.
Like, oh, I'm like a hockey team and my sister's like a different hockey team.
Like they just, you just, you, you put it onto them on accident because you learned it
that way.
Like it's cause we're close.
We're all in the same car.
We're all in the same house.
We're going to fight.
It's just how it gets out.
Yeah.
I would have thought so too.
I mean, and, and, and you know, it's not like unhappiness is a myth.
It's not like it doesn't fall out of trees and stuff, but like I, it is comforting to
feel like, oh yeah, but happiness is like kind of, it's easier for some people than others.
And then like some people have to work for it a little bit more, but it's like a thing
that you could just decide to be kind of like, that sounds, that sounds very naive and privileged.
That's, that's, that's the, that's the, that's the, that's not, it's not because there's
this thing that says like, you know, you can decide when you want to be happy and people
scoff at that because they're like, well, what if you're in a jail cell or what if you're
whatever, what if you're an auto person, but the truth of the matter is so much great art
and life and joy comes out of slumps, to be honest.
So there's, it's obvious that happiness doesn't know geography.
It doesn't know any sort of social class because if we can't get access to museums, somebody's
going to spray paint something.
If we can't get access to instruments, somebody's going to figure out a way to put two turntables
together.
Like people always figure out a way to bring joy regardless of, you know, where, or how
bad it truly is.
Especially the streets.
Hit it.
Minor always.
You know.
Yeah.
Flying high, flying low.
I fucked your mama like a Bologgelo.
Fuck your inner.
Face.
Yeah.
Just.
All right.
Yeah.
Maybe, uh, maybe kick a little something in, in honor of your fake dad.
Oh, yeah.
Okay.
Yeah.
Yo.
This one goes out to.
Pops.
Big pops.
My dad.
Feel free to jump in.
Feel free to jump in with a pop.
You can even, you can even pass it back and forth on the A and B rhymes.
You know what I'm saying.
Oh, I'm just curious though.
What is it about my rapping that had no limitations on it that made you think what I needed was
limitations.
Oh, maybe you should, maybe you should draw boundaries around your.
Just make sure that you have gotten enough sleep before you rhyme.
Yo.
Combs.
Hair.
Sky.
Air.
Eyeballs.
Nose.
I fucked your mama and then I smelled a rose.
I put my shoes on tight.
I fucked your mama all day and all night.
I put my suspenders on and I rolled around and made an angel on the lawn out of clippings.
Then I just mowed.
I fucked your mama when it was 10 below.
It's cold.
I warmed her up.
I fucked your mama and then it drank out of a cup.
It was my own cum.
Straight rod, steward.
Straight.
I drank my own cum.
I love to drink my own cum.
I know you asked why.
I thought you might have some limitations.
Yeah.
Well, that's enough I think for now.
Bring your board.
Oh, Affinity Designer came out for the iPad.
Yeah, just very excited about that.
What's that like?
The ongoing drama.
The Schrab drama.
Schrab drama?
Yeah, there's a Schrab iPad drama.
Oh, I don't know.
Schrab got some old ass iPad from Kevin Day and he tried to high road me with it.
I could see it was like a legacy iPad.
Shots fired.
Yeah, I mean, like, fucking Schrab.
And where has Schrab been?
Like, he came and he campaigned and he got a first class ticket to Long Island and then
he just boned out.
He's probably trying to unload Skud t-shirts in Boston or something.
You know, there was some scam to it.
Like, where is he?
Like, that friendship's not real.
He's always accusing me of being unfeeling.
But look how emotional I am.
Like, it's always me.
He's always putting it on me.
He's like, oh, the big joke, oh, Dan's so mean and he's so unfeeling.
But this is all heart.
But if that were true, you wouldn't be the one reaching out.
Yeah.
You want me to text Rob that I want to know me?
Got nominated?
Let him know, let him know.
Leave a voicemail.
Yeah.
Uh, oh, let's bring Steve Levy up.
Steve Levy.
Steve Levy, ladies and gentlemen.
What's happening?
Hey, Steve, what's up with the 20 empty seats?
Should we stop doing the show?
Uh, no, we should keep doing the show.
As the audience dwindles?
I think, yeah.
For this show, yeah, it seems like our numbers, our numbers.
Well, should we target like a year though?
If we're going to stop doing the show, we have to decide a year in advance.
Yeah.
That's on you, I think, right?
I don't like to be dramatic about stuff, but I also can't afford to.
I don't have the option of just being following my bliss with the show.
So we have to decide, like, now-wish if we want to, like, oh, let's spend this year
wrapping things up, because then the subscriptions, like, six months from now we can go,
okay, no more six month subscriptions.
All right, well, I'll get one more week, and then I'll make an official,
like, Jeff should be here for the decision.
Yeah, I think so.
Not that I'm going to let any, I'm not going to take a vote.
I'm the one that has to be here every fucking week.
Like, everybody else is like, oh.
I did it.
This place is cutthroat.
I actually need that.
No joke.
That's not funny.
Dad.
What do you think, Spencer, in terms of the D&D business?
What do you think?
Whatever you guys want, man.
Don't always say that.
Let's do it.
What about you?
What do you want?
I want to play D&D.
Aw.
Let's do it for the people at home.
The people at home.
Does it make you happy, Spencer?
Uh, I don't know.
It makes me happy.
It certainly makes me feel wanted.
That's a big part of the biological necessity of happiness or whatever, the drive for it,
because it has to do with, like, if you're, it's, happiness is like this, like, velcro
that holds a tribe together, because, like, and they, and they immediately, the first
thing they did is they were like, oh, are, is it just, is it just cute people?
Are cute, are people that are attractive just happy because everyone likes them and
has nothing to do with happiness?
Like, is there just another factor and they, they had to eliminate all that stuff and some
very uncomfortable experiments, I'm sure.
Excuse me, sir.
Would you like to answer some questions about your life?
Why?
Well, you seem very happy.
Okay.
Why am I in a room full of, uh, half-handsome people?
Which one?
Uh, because you're, maybe you're handsome.
I don't know.
Why am I sitting on the other side of the room with a lot of ugly people who are also
happy?
And why are the beautiful people frowning at us?
Ah, happiness.
You know about those carrier pigeons?
I, I've been listening to this, uh, podcast.
No, no, no.
Go on.
Not so easy, is it?
I've been listening to this podcast, Business Wars.
Do you guys know about the Business Wars?
All the time, baby.
There are some good wars between those businesses.
There's, uh, Netflix and Blockbuster and Adidas and Nike and Marvel and DC, some really,
some really fun companies and, and right now, um, they're doing Hearst, uh, versus Pulitzer
and the news business back in the day.
You're talking about all-time corporate rivalries, like 30 for 30, but corporate.
Right?
Yeah.
It's a really fun podcast.
Anyway, today, they're talking about, um, carrier pigeons.
Which is the, which is the Rothschild.
So there was versus the gun.
Versus, no, like, versus the cell phone.
So Hearst, like, invested heavily in pigeons that would carry, like, actually carry messages
throughout New York City.
They would go 90 miles per hour and know exactly where to go.
And there was this big trial that they were trying to get the scoop on before the, before
Pulitzer.
Where did you come from before this, man?
What?
I just found it fascinating.
What were you doing backstage?
You know, catching up some work, listening to some podcasts.
Um, I don't know.
It's crazy.
You know, the Rothschilds, the Rothschilds also used carrier pigeons.
You don't give a shit about what I'm, okay.
Rothschild, I'm trying to help you.
I'm trying to talk about 1930s New York railroad barons.
You think I wanted to do this?
Just try to put a smile on your face.
Yes.
So I do cosine what you are saying.
The Rothschilds also used carrier pigeons.
You were.
But they're extinct.
Wow.
They went out of business.
1910s.
I don't know.
You know what else about optimism and happiness?
Martin Luther King, uh, uh, his branding optimism.
Use your eye statements.
Like I heard that Ted talk or the person that talks about the effectiveness of
leaders and stuff.
Martin Luther King.
Why, why was his branding so effective?
He wasn't the first guy to notice things were bad and all that stuff.
He used his eye statements and he said, I believe I have a dream.
His speech wasn't called, I have a plan.
Or, you know, I have, I have, I have, I have, I have 10 rules about how everyone
should operate.
It was like, I, I, I have a dream.
And his dream was like two kids holding hands.
And if you couldn't get behind that, then you're, you know, you're like, all right,
you're in the minority.
And like, like most people are like, yeah, well, when you put it that way, I can
access that.
It's like a vision.
It's like, that's what leadership is.
You go, I believe like first, like the most important thing.
It, optimism is the opposite of pessimism.
Pessimism is the thing that like infects you and it fucks everything up.
Everybody that's mad right now, they're like, they're pessimistic.
And so some people are moving to try to get behind the thing that they're scared is
going to happen.
So that, because no one wants to be a fool.
So they're like, okay, the world's falling apart.
That's kind of what I've been doing, like hiding.
Like I don't want to be a loser in that battle.
Like, okay, let me scoot away and are over here and stuff.
And then like, but optimism is the only thing that's going to actually counter that
sickness, but it seems stupid to us.
Like, optimism seems stupid to us because they're, they believe more crazy shit.
And they're actually less accurate.
They do these studies.
Oh, there's this study that was hilarious on the book.
So they take people and they put them in a room with a light switch that straight up
just works randomly.
So, and they go like, hey, turn on the light 20 times or something like that.
And then the light switch is like programmed to just be random.
So like, it just, when you turn it on, sometimes it comes on, sometimes not.
When you turn it off, if it's on, sometimes it goes off, sometimes it doesn't.
The depressed people that they pre-screen for are like, are you depressed?
Come do this experiment.
They're like a control group.
They, they, they asked them like, hey, what was going on with the light switch?
Huh?
And the depressed people nailed it.
They're like, well, it's fucking random is what it was because I turned it on the first
time and I was like, what the fuck's going on?
And so I tested it.
And they're like, clued in, like they get reality.
If you're depressed, like you understand what's sad about the world and what's not
working, you're like, finely tuned to it.
The, the, the happy people, they were like, what's up with that light switch?
And I know 30% of the time it was just out of control.
Yeah.
They don't believe a conspiracy.
They're like, they're just like, they, they, they, they're delusional.
Right.
And, and, and so, but there's, there's a difference between that delusion and being delusional
about the things that matter.
Cause the thing is in terms of society, that delusion makes shit happen.
Right.
And happy people go, that shit happens.
And depressed people go, that shit's happening to me.
Right.
And yeah.
And like, if everyone is depressed and everyone is like noticing how the light switch doesn't
work, the light, when the light switch is a real light switch, that's incredibly helpful.
Thank you.
You're Vin Diesel in pitch black.
Like, thank you.
You can see, you can see things that I can't see.
Thank you for saving me from the monsters.
But this isn't a real light switch when you're talking about like fucking democracy or you're
talking about like mankind deserving a chance against giraffes or asteroids.
You actually need, you need that fucking Bill Pullman to get out there and be like, hey
everybody, let's fight together the aliens.
Like there's no reason to do that.
If there's anybody that's sad out there, they're like, this is bullshit.
I'm flying away from the aliens because we're all going to die.
That person's correct, but not going to win.
All right.
Whatever.
But you're exactly right.
It's kind of why they start with the first images of just straight bullshit.
So you kind of knew that this administration was going to go after women and children first
because that's the most shocking and jarring.
It's sort of designed to make you freak the fuck out.
So they, they show you the hardest of hard.
It's a, it's a little bit of a like precursor to what's about to happen to wear you down.
But don't be, we're not going to be worn down.
Well, I'm pretty worn down, but finally I'm someone.
I was at home on my couch when I got this phone call.
Hey guys, I just wanted to step in and say everybody be aware of guns.
Yeah.
MC gun control.
Just to, that's it.
I've got, I've got, I'm proud of our audience.
They're tired of that bit.
That was a test you guys passed.
Spencer, do you bring us up to speed?
Tell us where we're at.
What's been going on?
Yeah.
Oh, last time on Harmon time, our heroes had just put out the fire.
And I think then they started another fire.
I'm not sure about that.
That might not have happened, but they were certainly putting their foot back in it.
And ended up escaping from the town, but farmers were in hot pursuit.
After making it out of the perimeter of the town, they weighed up their options and decided they were outnumbering the farmers and decided to attack.
Untrained, the farmers took several blows and were instantly overwhelmed, but they fought valiantly.
And then Diarrhea Jr. threw a bunch of vampire dust in the air and everyone started choking.
That's what's happening now.
All right.
Anyone got any questions?
I hope so.
I have no idea what's happening.
That's probably, yeah.
You're playing Schrab's character, Gary.
You're a big plant man.
You're like a swamp thing.
There it is.
Great.
Got it.
All right.
I wasn't listening to a lot of that.
What's deconstructed?
Why?
I used the D&D opening to gather my thoughts about how the show went.
It's the problem.
It's like my first chance in two hours to go, should we keep doing the show or not?
I'm thinking about a million things.
That makes sense.
My apologies.
It was an awkward handoff and Spencer picked it up.
No, it's not your fault.
No, it's that space of time that's like a snowdrift I have to pee on.
Oh, of course.
For 90 minutes, I'm like, it's up to me to, okay, let's keep the show going.
You guys can tell how responsibly I take this job.
Then I hand it off to Spencer and then I'm like, I just decompress into that space.
Spencer's talking about what happened and I'm just going like, all right, well, so get
home tonight.
I'll let the dogs out.
My life's going okay, isn't it?
Do I enjoy myself here?
Are there?
Why?
What's with the empty seats?
It's your get ready space.
What else can I rhyme with mouth other than south?
Maybe we started some fires.
I like that.
That actually made me feel a lot better because that makes just perfect sense.
Yeah.
It's not like about me being bad at this.
Oh, God, no.
No, no, not at all.
As a matter of fact, let's get one more.
No, no.
That's the worst.
I mean, I appreciate the thought, but no, that's the last thing I want right now.
I want to play games with my friends.
Hell yeah.
Let's get into it.
So we're outside of the town.
You ran away.
The town was fighting a fire and you were like, well, we still got to find Patchens.
So then you went in and you were like, where's Patchens?
And they were like, well, there's a fire.
And then you put out the fire and then you were asking for Patchens and they were like,
weren't you guys the guys that start the fire?
And you were like, I think the winds are turning.
And then you hightailed it out of there, but then you were being chased and you were running
because you thought you were being chased by an angry mob.
But the farther you got, the more turned out to be just three people.
And then you're like, well, fuck this.
And then you felt bad because you just like, you slashed one of them in the cut or something.
You really started taking them to task.
And then it was just kind of sad because it's like, well, they were just trying to do their jobs.
And that's when DJ threw the vampire dust in everyone's face.
And that didn't do it.
That just made everyone cough.
Yeah, it was just like dust.
But you know, you might have diseases now, but...
If anything, it's like an ingredient for maybe an invisibility potion.
Yeah, realistically, you did get rid of a magical reagent.
Yeah.
All right.
But that's fine.
So the farmers are all coughing and one of them's like on the floor, bleeding half to death.
Rawr!
A bear appears.
Wait, is Brandon playing both Bernie Mac and...
I guess if you want, you could play both.
Uh, what was Jeff's...
What's his name?
I don't want to mess up Jeff's...
Chad the Firelighter.
Oh, no, mess it up.
It'll be great.
Great. Chad here to play.
You like fire.
Awesome.
So, uh...
So I immediately stand up as Chad, look around, and set my hula hoop on fire.
You do it.
You like it.
Okay.
To start...
Yeah.
I kind of find patches.
Spencers, what...
What? Ask me a question.
This is the game.
What, um...
Yeah, I mean, I...
What...
How do we find patches?
How do you find patches?
Um, okay.
He's rolling to see...
Just how many months he wants to go by.
You...
You use your intelligence to determine that the best way to find patches is to ask if anyone's seen a strange, mysterious child nearby.
Child?
You know, recently.
Is he really a child?
Well, he's like a...
He's like a young...
I mean, you call him maybe 16 or something, but like, by these people's standards, yeah, he's like a kid.
Oh, wow.
I always imagined him as like a 30-something...
No.
...beard, sleepy kind of guy.
For me, at most, he was like 19.
Wow.
But, yeah.
He immediately went to dog, having never...
Patches?
...been here before.
I can see how that connection could be made.
So his patches is a man.
Yeah.
Okay.
Well, a boy.
A boy.
Not yet a woman.
I didn't get clarity on that.
I slashed one of the stomachs of one of these three people that was chasing us.
There's still some two of them like...
Yeah, but they're coughing.
That was like the last thing that happened.
Right, they're coughing.
So I grab one of them and I go, listen to me, or face the wrath of God.
All right.
You do that.
He seems stricken with fear.
Have you seen a strange child?
He goes, yeah, I think someone was wandering off just tonight.
I think it was right before the fire started.
Where?
Actually, after the fire started.
Sorry.
Where?
He went towards...
Sorry.
It's all right.
You can scroll through your memory.
He seemed to be going in the direction of Blade Glen.
It's a big, big city.
One of the bigger cities around here.
Blade Glen?
Blade Glen.
Exactly.
Thanks.
Thanks for answering my question.
And then I turn to the other guy and I go, would you have answered my question?
If I had focused my aggression on you.
He says, yeah, I would have, but you guys got to come back and face justice for doing all the damage.
So here's...
I do one of these.
Here's the thing.
I go like, that sounds like a great idea.
And I put my foot around behind his ankles and I push him.
I just straight up third grade.
Just push him.
Into the guts, into the open guts of the guy that you slashed open.
He falls into the guts.
And I just laugh.
You fucking nerd.
Jesus.
I'm not facing your justice.
I work for the fucking lord.
That happens.
You big defail, baby.
I'm ignoring Carlos's bullying and focusing on Chad's amazing hula hoop skills.
What is the fire?
This is incredible. It's blowing my mind.
I'm juggling rotisserie chickens and hula hooping on fire.
It's delicious.
The fire is terrifying me as a swamp thing.
Yes.
It'll tear you out.
I suggest that we move to another town.
To Blade Glen.
To Blade Glen, yes.
So I lead the pack.
We head out.
I am now doing those things, those fire lamps.
To guide our path.
Who knew Chad was a fire dancer?
I told the two guys, I go,
if you guys tell anybody in town that we went to Blade Glen,
your sister will explode.
They look at each other and then look at you and then look at each other.
Do they have a sister?
You have sisters, right?
Both of you do.
No, we don't.
That's right, you don't.
Not anymore.
Because they exploded in the womb.
And that's on you.
Pay it forward.
Does anyone, do either of you have a loved one whose name starts with D?
I'm hearing a D.
No, no D.
A G, I think I'm hearing.
That's the middle name, the G.
A loved one is departed.
One of you has a departed loved one.
No, no G.
No one has a departed loved one.
Gregory, is it Gregory?
No.
It doesn't work if you...
Sorry, I was getting into it.
Can you really...
It's a cold reading.
I just realized you need a bigger audience.
Sorry, sorry.
You're so talented.
I don't have a sister.
Fucked up.
Alright, well here's the thing.
Let's do it the old fashioned way.
You talk about where we went, and we're going to come back and beat you up.
You've seen him a bully.
Yeah.
You saw me laugh at you after I tripped you.
Like, if I were you, I wouldn't give me a chance to be mean.
Yeah, that makes sense.
Yeah, I love it.
Okay, let's try a little bonus here.
If you don't tell anybody for the next year,
you're going to get a chocolate bar.
I love chocolate.
Not...
What's your name? What's your name, sir?
Tron.
Tron?
Was your mother 16 when she had you?
No.
Sorry, we're laughing at you, but...
What's your name, Tron's friend? What's your name?
Ron.
Okay, Tron and Ron.
Jesus Christ, this town.
Tron and Ron, I'm remembering, I'm committing it to memory.
Oh Lord, oh Lord of the silver light,
if Tron and Ron keep their fucking mouths shut for a year,
give them all the chocolate bars.
That's a lock.
Why don't you do that prayer for us?
I want all the chocolate bars.
You guys are so lucky.
So long, Tron. Bye, Ron.
Bye.
Are you going to tell people?
No, no.
Okay, okay.
I feel like I believe them.
Do you guys sense motive on them?
All right, what's yours?
Oh.
It might be insight or sense motive.
It's been lost.
Well, I don't think I have it as an actual...
Then wisdom. Wisdom is 16.
All right.
Oh yeah, he's lying.
So we are in trouble.
They're going to tell people.
But the odds, I mean, nobody's going to come after us.
He'll be gone by then, right?
No one's going to.
Imagine them going back to town.
Oh, they went to Blade Glen.
No one's going to be like, oh, then I'll go there too.
They're towns on fire.
Don't think bad publicity is no publicity.
Yeah, so it just keeps our word about us going.
Travelers, reputation.
Let's just head to...
Dumber fire.
I got it. Yeah, that's great.
All right, they're going to fake them out.
Yeah.
Dumber fire.
So now we are on the road.
Oh yeah. Oh wait, no.
Before you get on the road, it's...
I guess it's suspicious almost.
What is...
You get a crow, like from Game of Thrones.
Like a carrier pigeon?
Yeah.
Oh boy.
It just flies up to us.
I thought these were extinct.
Can we keep it as a pet?
You don't have a cage.
I think you're supposed to keep them in circulation
so that they are of use to people.
Yeah, that's true.
That's how they went extinct.
Okay, well then I take...
Or maybe we're supposed to keep ones
so that we can use it then.
No, well, I guess it doesn't make any sense.
Well, if you want to buy one,
that's like buying a cell phone.
I rip off a piece of my map
and I curl it around its foot.
Oh wait, I want to write a message.
To whoever gets this message...
I love you.
Exclamation point from Diarrhea.
And then I tie it around the pigeons,
the crow's foot,
and I go,
buy crow
and send him back off into the world.
Alright, well do you get the message from the crow?
Yeah, it seems like you took it, right?
You took the message.
It wasn't like offering you the opportunity
to send a letter.
Also, now what if we read the message it's from
and it's like we intercepted a message from Al-Qaeda
and you just sent them like...
Right back.
You like, Geraldo'd it.
I feel like I've got a connection with nature as this beast.
Alright, well, I still... I call it back.
Well, he got the message, didn't you?
I heard you say it.
Of course you did.
But that's not the important thing to me.
So I give the message to Chad.
Here's the message.
It says...
Oh, it's from...
No, that's the message you put on there.
It's the other message.
It says...
It's from an old NPC that you guys remember.
His name is Brother Absalom.
Hope this note finds you well.
I'm not in a position to reassign you,
but as of now you're being reassigned.
Head to the mining town of Faunches,
just south of Blade Glen.
There's a dispute between the miners' bureau
and the church's district prelate.
Call it a hunch, but from what I've been hearing from your work,
you're just the man to blast through this log jam
and help Faunches get back to mining
and help the church get back to purifying.
When you can, seek a meeting with Zellie and Faunches.
She's in vacation there, and we'll be able to brief you.
Burn bright, take flight.
Okay, but that's written down.
So we can reread that?
So we can just reread that anytime we want, right?
Oh, yeah.
How big is this bird that it has a scroll like that attached to it?
It's a crow.
10 foot wingspan.
It's a very small writing.
I'm not going to read from a crow, man.
I'm going to take a pigeon word.
All right, well, nobody loses that
until we get a pen and paper
and can write something down.
I'll hold on to it.
I put it in my pack.
Great. It is already written down.
That's a mess.
I think it's best for us to have a little redundancy.
Sure. No, no, I agree.
Yeah, we'd photocopy it if we could.
That could be something.
So it sounds like...
We got to choose a path.
Do we go to that mining town first,
or do we go to Blade Glen to find patches?
What would we come across first, the direction we're headed?
It's just that it's on the way.
That was part of the letter.
Yeah, it's just south of, and we're south of that.
We're very south of. I'm assuming.
We go to this mining town and see if we can get some gold.
Well, it feels like gold.
Well, I've heard there's another...
Is there a gold rush?
There's another reason to go to the mining town
that's not to mine. People need us.
There's a civil war happening or something.
Is a church involved?
There's always a church involved.
Let's go to this mining town and steal the gold from the church.
All right.
Can I reread the part about what's happening in the mining town?
Yeah, there's a dispute between the miners' bureau
and the church's district prelate.
So remember, you came into the first town you came in
because there was some shit going down to the local church.
So it's kind of like the church is in a dispute
with the miners' bureau.
So it's miners' v. church.
Mm-hmm.
That's where we're headed.
Man, do you guys remember how crazy that was back in...
That was a year ago.
No, it wasn't.
It was very recently.
It feels like a year ago.
ID10 T-Fest, do you remember?
It was good times.
It was a year to the sadly mistaken gods
that believe their lives are more important than ours
and who actually just fill time between our adventures
as they control the planets.
I'm right there with you, bro.
Yeah.
They would probably look upon us as pieces on a chess board
or characters in some poem.
And yet, I'm sure their life is riddled with
fucking confusion and inconsistency and alcoholism.
Of course.
But that's why we belong to the church of the Silver Flame.
So we don't have to think about that stuff as much.
We have lives of consistency and virtue
and we can tell the good guys from the bad guys
like we're not mistaking each other for our fathers.
At least we're working at it.
Yeah, we're trying.
Off to the mining town!
For their gold!
It's...
And to help with the dispute.
When we get there...
I mean, if I'm moving too fast, I thought it would happen.
No, no, okay.
Spencer tells us.
I thought you were going to do Jeff's bit.
When we get there, let me do all the talking.
Is that what you're going to say?
No.
When he had his vocal cord surgery,
the amount of times that was said per week
dropped worldwide, 20%.
But...
What were you going to say, though?
When we get there...
Oh, you just wanted to know.
Oh, man, getting here is going to be a real hassle.
It's several days' journey
and it might cause monster fights.
It doesn't.
What? You could tell that in one roll?
I can for that day, yeah.
So should we leave it that we're on the road currently on the way?
You are, and then you see a mysterious sight,
a bunch of cultists doing jumpin' jacks.
What?
I love jumping jacks. Come on.
We practiced this in the town.
Cultists.
What does that mean?
Not churchists.
I take out my fire sword.
What?
Whoa.
And I kill the leader.
What the...
Jesus.
Cliffhanger!
Whoa!
All right, that's...
We'll see you next week.
Hit those B-drow.
Ladies and gentlemen, this has been Harmontown.
Thank you so much for showing up.
For tuning in.
Thank you to Chris Cora, Zach McEver in the booth.
Church, we love you so much.
We miss you, Jeff Davis.
Our guest tonight, Heath.
Last name.
Colin.
Heath Cullen. No S, no Heath Cullen.
With an S.
With an S tonight.
Heath Cullen, ladies and gentlemen.
Spencer Clinton.
Steve Levy.
Dan Harmon.
Good night.
Snake chances.
Drive quickly.
Did you get any of that?
It's a good show.